Add docs on pylint (#13)
populationgenomics/team-docs: python_code_style.md

<img src="assets/github_pylint_check.png" width="400"/>

## Running Pylint

To install Pylint into your environment, run:

```
pip install pylint pylint-quotes
```

It's also available on conda-forge under the same name.

To run Pylint manually, you can use:

```
pylint **/*.py
```

## Visual Studio Code

Visual Studio Code auto-detects a .pylintrc file in the project root and asks the user whether to install pylint, if it's not installed already.

## PyCharm

1. Make sure you have pylint installed with pip or conda.

2. Install a PyCharm "Pylint" plugin ([Preferences] > [Plugins] > search for "Pylint"). It will automatically find the pylint executable. A new tool window called Pylint will be added. You can use it to scan the project:
   
<img src="assets/pycharm_pylint_tool_window.png" width="700"/>

3. You can also enable real-time inspections by going to:
   Go to Preferences > Editor > Inspections > enable "Pylint real-time scan". However, it's not recommended as it's has a negative impact on system performance.

4. Pylint has a pre-commit hook integrated into a Pycharm commit modal window (cmd+K). Make sure the "Scan with Pylint" checkbox is enabled:
   

> <img src="assets/pycharm_pylint_pre_commit.png" width="700"/>

Author: Sorry bot, but GitHub markdown doesn't like the image width specifiers in the markdown img elements, so gotta go with HTML.

# Python Code Style

We use [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/) to perform automatic code checks on our

> repositories. It helps enforce code standard, and also does some static code
> analysis for potential programming errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repositories. It helps us in implementing a consistent coding style throughout
our code base, and also does some static code analysis to catch potential
programming errors.
```

## Setting up a new project

When creating a new repository that contains Python code, please add into the

> repository root folder a file named `.pylintrc` with the following contents:

Reviewer: How about just putting a `.pylintrc` file into this repository, that people can easily copy? Maybe just provide the command to copy the file from the GitHub blob.

#    formatting for consistent looks and for future safety)
# 2. inherit-non-class ("Inheriting 'NamedTuple', which is not a class" false 
#    positive, see: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues/3876)
# 3. too-few-public-methods (produces false positives)
disable=f-string-without-interpolation,inherit-non-class,too-few-public-methods

# Overriding these to allow short 1- or 2-letter variable names
attr-rgx=[a-z_][a-z0-9_]{0,30}$
argument-rgx=[a-z_][a-z0-9_]{0,30}$
variable-rgx=[a-z_][a-z0-9_]{0,30}$

# Maximum number of characters on a single line
max-line-length=80

# Set the linting for string quotes (for the plugin 
# https://pypi.org/project/pylint-quotes/)
string-quote=single
triple-quote=double
docstring-quote=double

[MASTER]
load-plugins=pylint_quotes
```

You may want to disable additional inspections if pylint hits a false positive.
For example, it might fail to recognise imports of third-party libraries, in
which case can add E0401 ("Unable to import") to the comma-separated list:

```
disable=f-string-without-interpolation,inherit-non-class,too-few-public-methods,E0401
```

In addition to `.pylintrc`, please create a GitHub Actions CI workflow under

> `.github/workflows/main.yaml` with the following contents (or just append the

Reviewer: Same here; it's slightly easier to copy a file than copy & pasting content :).

Author: Didn't want to add it as a file it to avoid confusion with _real_ GitHub workflow yaml for this repository :)

Author: Could add it into a root and provide commands to create the directory structure and to wget the file from the blob as you suggested.

Author: Done!

job called `lint`, if you have an exsting workflow):

```
name: CI
on: [push, pull_request]

jobs:
  lint:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@main

      - uses: actions/setup-python@v2

      - name: Install pylint
        run: pip install pylint pylint-quotes

      - name: Run pylint
        run: pylint **/*.py
```

This will make GitHub run Pylint on every push and pull request, and display
checks in the web interface.

<img src="assets/github_pylint_check.png" width="400"/>

## Running Pylint

To install Pylint into your environment, run:

```

> pip install pylint pylint-quotes

Reviewer: What does `pylint-quotes` do?

Author: Checks the consistency of quotes (single or double). I set up to single ones. Let me know if that's unnecessary!

# Python Code Style

We use [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/) to perform automatic code checks on our
repositories. It helps us in implementing a consistent coding style throughout
our code base, and also does some static code analysis to catch potential
programming errors.

## Setting up a new project

> When creating a new repository that contains Python code, please add this 

Author: @pdiakumis, what do you think about disabling this one too?
